Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Go!
Hold the line!
Come here!
Keda!
You failed.
Pass.
Fail.
Pain will journey with us.
Stop!
Stop. father. you stink!
You will hunt at my side.
You are the chief's son.
My son.
Prove you can lead.
Find your strength.
He is not ready.
One season each year...
...we hunt the Great Beast.
We do this. or our tribe dies.
He must do his part.
Prove himself to the tribe.
What if he can't...
I love him
with my whole heart.
He could die.
I am afraid.
He leads with his heart.
Not his spear.
Take this...
so nothing will harm you.
I can take care of myself.
Keda.
Know that I love you.
He will show us
that he is a man.
Earn his place to lead.
Then come home to you.
You can't promise that.
Go.
To survive we must focus...
Be patient.
We must not give up.
Father...
My friend.
You have survived the winter.
A little fatter maybe?
Yes.
And I bring a young hunter...
Raise your head...
and your eyes will follow.
This is my son.
Mine will not see
another hunt.
He has gone
to the ancestors.
You must be a proud father.
I hope he makes me proud.
Our tribe has walked
the Sacred Path
Path since
the first Great Hunt.
Marks guide our way.
Made by our ancestors.
Left as a trail
for us to follow.
And to help us survive
the great journey.
Our hands point us
to the hunting ground.
Some will return.
Some will not.
Those marks remain... for the
leader to bring the hunters home.
Finish it.
You take a life
to give life to your tribe.
Do it. Now.
I'm sorry!
Life is for the strong!
It is earned. not given.
Be calm.
Stay alert.
He is gone...
...but we must stay strong.
May his spirit
watch over the Path...
...as his ancestors
before him.
The stone markers
guide you during the day.
Now you bear the marks...
...that will guide you
at night.
The light
from our ancestors...
...showing us the way home.
Home.
You see that one?
That is the Alpha.
their leader.
The Alpha must care for his pack.
Above all else.
But he is also
always in danger.
Others in the pack
will challenge him...
...if they sense weakness.
The Alpha lets the others
know his place...
...with his strength and calm.
He was not born the Alpha.
But he earned it with his courage...
and his heart.
Shh.
Go!
Keda!
Do not look down!
Don't let go!
Keda!
My friend...
...my leader...
It is impossible
to reach him!
He is gone.
We can't lose you. too.
We have a duty
to our people.
Keda!
Load the sleds.
We must return
to our village.
May the Spirits guide
and protect your people.
Tell him our sons shall walk
together in the other world.
You must let him go.
Set him free.
He is
with the Spirits now.
Father!
Hyenas. we must find shelter.
A friend.
Maybe not.
Do not bite me.
I am not going to hurt you.
I will keep you alive.
Friend.
See.
It has to be cleaned.
See...
...not that bad.
Patience.
I have not forgiven you.
It is up to me.
You have to wait
for your turn.
I am glad
we understand each other.
Home.
You miss them. your pack...
I hear my parents
calling me in my dreams.
But I can't get to them...
It's getting colder.
The Sacred Path will cover
with snow soon...
I don't know if I can make it
home without my father.
I'm not like him...
...but I have to try.
I miss my parents so much.
That belongs to me.
I need that.
I have to be home
before the first snow.
You should go home too.
Psst.
Go ahead!
Stop looking at me!
Where are you going?
What do you want?
Go home!
Go on. get out of here!
I almost had him.
Did you see that?
I just slipped.
I'm not afraid of anything.
Hey. what are you doing?
Come back here!
Here!
Over here!
Wait!
No!
You know I'll feed you.
You stink.
Get in the water!
Don't make me chase you.
Come here.
come here.
Ah. Ah.
I will call you Alpha.
Keda.
Alpha.
Go to your family...
I'm sorry...
Please...
Alpha!
Help!
Friend!
No...
Stay.
Food... Food.
Nothing!
No!
We will be all right.
Thank you for helping us...
Run!
Alpha!
Thank you. my friend.
I will not give up on you...
You are my tribe.
The Path. We're close.
My ancestors
are lighting the way...
...guiding us home.
Please. Get up.
I know you can do it.
We have come
so far together...
I can't lose you.
Please. Alpha.
I just need a little rest...
He could die. I am afraid.
He leads with his heart.
Not his spear.
No.
He is stronger
than you know.
than even he knows.
We're home.
How can this be?
Father.
Keda!
I was afraid
I'd never see you again.
You are here. With us.
You are really home.
I wanted to make you proud.
You earned it. my son.
You came home to us.
Alpha.
Alpha needs...
Help.
Keda has brought you home
to us. You are family.
We welcome you
into our tribe.
It's okay now.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-